task3/xml/entities/Osm.java
 task3.xml.entities.Osm
task3/xml/entities/Way.java
 task3.xml.entities.Way
task3/repositories/WayRepository.java
 task3.repositories.WayRepository
task3/xml/entities/Member.java
 task3.xml.entities.Member
task3/xml/entities/Nd.java
 task3.xml.entities.Nd
task3/entities/RelationEntity.java
 task3.entities.RelationEntity
task3/xml/entities/Node.java
 task3.xml.entities.Node
task3/xml/entities/ObjectFactory.java
 task3.xml.entities.ObjectFactory
task3/repositories/NodeRepository.java
 task3.repositories.NodeRepository
task3/controllers/TagController.java
 task3.controllers.TagController
task3/controllers/NodeController.java
 task3.controllers.NodeController
task3/xml/entities/Bounds.java
 task3.xml.entities.Bounds
task3/xml/OpenStreetMapProcessor.java
 task3.xml.OpenStreetMapProcessor
task3/controllers/RelationController.java
 task3.controllers.RelationController
task3/xml/XsiTypeReader.java
 task3.xml.XsiTypeReader
task3/repositories/RelationRepository.java
 task3.repositories.RelationRepository
task3/xml/entities/package-info.java
 task3.xml.entities.package-info
task3/services/WayService.java
 task3.services.WayService
task3/entities/TagEntity.java
 task3.entities.TagEntity
task3/controllers/WayController.java
 task3.controllers.WayController
task3/entities/NodeEntity.java
 task3.entities.NodeEntity
task3/xml/entities/Relation.java
 task3.xml.entities.Relation
task3/entities/WayEntity.java
 task3.entities.WayEntity
task3/repositories/TagRepository.java
 task3.repositories.TagRepository
task3/Main.java
 task3.Main
task3/services/NodeService.java
 task3.services.NodeService
task3/services/RelationService.java
 task3.services.RelationService
task3/xml/entities/Tag.java
 task3.xml.entities.Tag
task3/services/TagService.java
 task3.services.TagService
task3/Parser.java
 task3.Parser
